Blackjack lore
beast
Look at what card you have here.
I already knew you paid
I didn't know
Shangguan Yongning Clubhouse
There are people doing tricks under the table
Who did this?
Okay.
Not enough yet
Don't blame me for not warning you
The money is not only a member of my Yongning Club
Moreover, he was also the person most valued by the Shangguan Clan
The person you like the most
Then you wouldn't know.
The mysterious eldest lady of our Shangguan family
I'm going back to Mingcheng in a few days.
Every wealthy family is clinging
Special flower feast for him to pick up the wind and clean up the dust
Even our money is old
Mr. Joy Qian
He also specially dedicated Money Villa as a venue
Even our eldest lady said that the money boss is angry
The Qian family is about to be promoted
The Shangguan family spent money, so be polite
It went like this.
High society talks all the time
It's not something a lowly little actor like you can give
What are you still doing?
Somebody drag him out and break his leg